well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so on Easter of 1916 about 1200
men marched into the streets of Dublin
and they took over the general post
office it's kind of the center British
rule in Ireland that act is seen as the
beginning of the Irish movement for
independence which was eventually
successful militarily was a great heroic
epic of failure men and marching in step
towards slaughter they fought an Alamo
style battle they got inside the Brit
surrounded him opened up on him drove
him out then the Brits took the leaders
stood him up against a wall those that
could stand one guy named Connolly they
had to strap to a chair and they shot
him shot him to kill that rebellion it
didn't end well for them
in 1984 Winston's first act of rebellion
if you're taking a high-school test was
writing a diary it was the first thing
that he did to rebel against the system
he found around him neither one of those
are really the first act of rebellion
though long before any man walked into
that post office
long before him picked up a rifle and
fun fact for frequent viewers a lot of
the rifles used that day were calibre
303 but before any of that happened they
thought they thought for themselves they
looked around and said this isn't right
and it was that independent thought a
lot of the guys that were executed after
the battle they were poets it's what
they were known for prior to the battle
was independent thought and that thought
sparked rebellion Winston his first
repeal act of rebellion was not writing
a diary
I was looking around him and realizing
the freedom wasn't slavery his first act
of rebellion occurred inside that five
inch space inside his head and then from
there a small act of rebellion it's how
it always works it is how it always
works
row rebellion starts with thought
independent thought free thought looking
around and analyzing things for yourself
you know a lot of people on Facebook
have commented you know I can't post
pictures it's because I hate means they
some spark discussion which can lead to
independent thought but most are just
slogans and anything that can be taught
with a mean can be countered by one that
doesn't cause real independent thought
not really
both of those incidents they teach us
something else too when Winston sat down
and started writing his diary he knew it
wasn't gonna end well for him
fact he said as much he said they get
you they always get you and I don't
think that the men that walked into the
general post office that day had any
delusions about what was gonna happen
I don't think they thought they're gonna
win pretty sure they knew they weren't
but both of them knew when you're faced
with a system like that you don't have
to beat them not up front you just have
to fight them
all those men they executed after the
battle every one of them they shocked
brought ten more to the cause because
that idea take it hold that's what
happens an idea if you discuss it freely
and you defend it properly well then the
other person believes it and that that I
did spreads like wildfire
for the first time in history we're
faced with something unique there's two
ways to cause real change in society you
can put a bullet in somebody's mind or
you can put a new idea in it for the
first time ideas travel faster than
bullets probably the route we should
focus on and those free ideas they
create change if they take hold they
don't have to be forced on anybody at
the point of a gun good ideas typically
don't require force so today as an act
of rebellion think think for yourself
about anything and then without a mean
without anything like that try to spark
a conversation with it defend that idea
create real change put a new idea in
somebody's head it doesn't matter what
the idea is that's how you fight a
system that is how you find a system
anyway it's just thought y'all have a
good day